Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's that well-known actor, Dick Powell.
Mr. Powell, what are you doing here in this forestry office?
Just looking for some color for a new show, Smokey.
But never mind about me.
Look at this message that's just come in from one of the forest districts.
I'll read it.
The fire that started yesterday outside the forest boundary was caused by children playing with matches.
We have 343 men on the fire, and the burned area now is 1,260 acres.
The fire is threatening two communities, and eight homes already have been burned.
Not much progress in controlling the fire because everything is very dry.
We'll not know how much more land will burn until the day is over.
End of message.
Smokey, I understand many forest fires start this way.
And it seems to me that every parent, every grown-up has a real responsibility to keep youngsters from playing with matches or fooling around with any fire.
Yes, Mr. Powell.
It takes only a small hand, unfortunately, to start a big fire.
But now the Sons of the Pioneers have a special song for you.
How about it, Lloyd?
It's in the Zane Gray tradition, Dick, and it's called Move Along, You Lazy Cattle.
Leave a long way to go, tell me why are you so slow?
Move along, lazy cattle, move along.
And you're not coming back, it's a shame but it's a fact.
This is the last trail you travel over.
Fill up on sage and clover.
Move on, you prairie rover.
Move on.
And when you're all steak and stew together, I'll still be pounding leather.
Move on, you cattle.
Move along.
There's a range far away where we'll all meet some sweet day.
Move along, lazy cattle.
Move along.
For we're bound to meet again, so goodbye until then.
Move along, lazy cattle, move along.
This is the last trail you'll travel over.
Fill up on sage and clover.
Move on, you prairie rover.
Move on.
And when you're all steak and stew together, I'll still be found in leather.
Move on, you cattle, move along.
There's a range far away where we'll all meet some sweet day.
Move along, lazy cattle, move along.
For we're bound to meet again, so goodbye until then.
This is the last trail you'll travel over.
Fill up on sage and clover.
Move on, you prairie rover.
Move on.
And when you're all steak and stew together, I'll still be pounding leather.
Move on, you cattle.
Move along.
Thank you, boys.
You know, it seems to me here's a real job for our junior forest rangers.
to stop other boys and girls from playing with matches.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Bye.